DOC Add entry about utf8mb4 encoding update to changelog (#602)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.0.0.md

MySQL 5.6 and 5.7 are no longer supported. The minimum supported version is MySQL 8.0. We support and test against the latest LTS releases of MySQL and MariaDB.

> ### MySQL now defaults to `utf8mb4` {#mysql-utf8mb4}

Reviewer: Please add an entry to the TOC at the top

Author: Done.

MySQL will now use `utf8mb4` by default rather than plain `utf8`. This provides better support for emojis and other special characters.

> Depending on when you created your Silverstripe CMS project, you may already be using `utf8mb4` as the default encoding. The `silverstripe/installer` has included a configuration file setting your database settings to `utf8mb4` for a few years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on when you created your Silverstripe CMS project, you may already be using `utf8mb4` as the default encoding. The `silverstripe/recipe-core` recipe included a configuration file setting your database settings to `utf8mb4` for a few years.
```

Author: Done.
